## What's new in 1.2?

1.2 brings us incredibly many features, completely reconsidering all patterns. Number of nodes was doubled, 
a lot of syntax related to solvers, building an expression tree, performance improved.

---
**WARNING**

1.2 is not backward compatible with 1.1.0.5.

We highly recommend reading this if you plan to migrate from 1.1.0.5 to 1.2, as tons of concepts from 1.1.0.5
were reconsidered and rewritten.

---

### General structure

Now there's no operator's name. Moreover, there's no operator anymore. There are records for each separate
logical action, be than a sum operator or sine function. They all are inside `Entity`'s naming.

### Abs and Signum nodes

Abs always returns a real non-negative number for a numerical argument. Signum always returns a complex
number such that its absolute value is 1 for a numerical argument. One exception for signum is 0:
for 0 it returns 0.

Syntax for abs: `abs(x)`, `(|x|)`

Syntax for signum: `sgn(x)`, `signum(x)`, `sign(x)`

### Domains

Now every node is constrained within a domain. This init-get-only property is called `Codomain`. You can
set this codomain for every node in a given expression. If a numerical value is outside of the codomain,
`Eval` will return `NaN`, and `Simplify` would not take any additional actions, leaving node as it is.

Syntax: `domain(x, ZZ)`, `domain(x, QQ)`, ...

Note: since domain is not a node, it is true that `domain(x, RR) = domain(domain(x, RR), RR)`

### Boolean algebra

Now there are many boolean operators added and they are nodes. Instead of `Eval` we now see
`EvalNumerical` and `EvalBoolean`. Likewise, instead of `Evaluable` we see `EvaluableNumerical`
and `EvaluableBoolean`.

Available operators and their syntaxes: `not`, `or`, `xor`, `and`, `implies`

Syntax of boolean constants: `false`, `true`

### Equality and inequality nodes

Those return a `Boolean` when simplified. Inequality nodes result in `NaN` if evaluating on two 
numerical non-real values. 

Syntax for equal, greater, less, greater or equal, less or equal: `=`, `>`, `<`, `>=`, `<=`

There's also compositional syntax separately for inequalities and inequalities, e. g.
`x < a < 4` <=> `x < a and a < 4` and `x = a = b` <=> `x = a and a = b`. Although you cannot mix
the two, that is, `x < a = c` is `(x < a) = c` (i. e. the fact whether `x` is less than `a`
is equivalent to `c`)

### Sets

Sets are now entities. There're `FiniteSet` (which you can iterate over), 
`Interval` (from one number to another one. Only reals are now supported),
`SpecialSet` (something like domain. Its only parameter is of `Domain` type),
`ConditionalSet` (for all values in its domain it is true if and only if the
value satisfies the CSet's predicate).

Syntax for finite set: `{ 1, 2, 3 }`

Syntax for interval: ('[' | '(') left ';' right (']' | ')'). So the square bracket means it's closed, 
the parenthesis means it's open. For example, `[3; 5)` means it is closed on the left end and open on 
the right one.

Syntax for SpecialSet: `CC`, `RR`, `ZZ`, `QQ`

Syntax for ConditionalSet: `{ x : predicate(x) }` where predicate is a statement, e. g.
`{ x | x > 0 and (y implies x = 0) }`

The `in` statement allows to verify whether an element belongs to a set. E. g.
`2 in { 2, 3 }`

### Limits improved

Added some patterns for non-defined expressions, for instance, the first and the second
remarkable limits and a few more.
