# What's new in 1.2?

1.2 brings us incredibly many features, completely reconsidering all patterns. Number of nodes was doubled, 
a lot of syntax related to solvers, building an expression tree, performance improved.

Not only that, we added <a href="fsharp">AngouriMath.FSharp</a> and <a href="inter">AngouriMath.Interactive</a> packages for working in F# and Jupyter respectively.

---
**WARNING**

1.2 is not backward compatible with 1.1.0.5.

We highly recommend reading this if you plan to migrate from 1.1.0.5 to 1.2, as tons of concepts from 1.1.0.5
were reconsidered and rewritten.

---

## General structure

Now there's no operator's name. Moreover, there's no operator anymore. There are records for each separate
logical action, be than a sum operator or sine function. They all are inside `Entity`'s naming.

Active functions like renamed `Differentiate`, `Integrate`, and `Limit` now return an expression after `InnerSimplified`
being applied. A lot of methods are now properties.

ToSymPy fixed, as well as many other bugs. Solvers and simplificators improved.

## Math features

How the math of AM is improved.

### Secant, Cosecant, Arcsecant, Arccosecant

Are now available as nodes with the obvious syntax and their synonyms.

Secant: `sec(x)`

Cosecant: `cosec(x)`, `csc(x)`

Arcsecant: `asec(x)`, `arcsec(x)`

Arccosecant: `acsc(x)`, `acosec(x)`, `arccosec(x)`

### Hyberbolic trigonometric functions

All trigonometric functions (sin, cos, ..., arcsecant) now have their "-h" pair. For example, `sinh`, `cosh`, etc.
They are not nodes, but they are parseable and available in AngouriMath.FSharp and AngouriMath.Interactive as well.

### Abs and Signum and Phi nodes

Abs always returns a real non-negative number for a numerical argument. Signum always returns a complex
number such that its absolute value is 1 for a numerical argument. One exception for signum is 0:
for 0 it returns 0. Phi returns an integer (where Phi is the Euler's totient function).

Syntax for abs: `abs(x)`, `(|x|)`

Syntax for signum: `sgn(x)`, `signum(x)`, `sign(x)`

Syntax for phi: `phi(x)`

### Domains

Now every node is constrained within a domain. This init-get-only property is called `Codomain`. You can
set this codomain for every node in a given expression. If a numerical value is outside of the codomain,
`Eval` will return `NaN`, and `Simplify` would not take any additional actions, leaving node as it is.

Syntax: `domain(x, ZZ)`, `domain(x, QQ)`, ...

Note: since domain is not a node, it is true that `domain(x, RR) = domain(domain(x, RR), RR)`

### Boolean algebra

Now there are many boolean operators added and they are nodes. Instead of `Eval` we now see
`EvalNumerical` and `EvalBoolean`. Likewise, instead of `Evaluable` we see `EvaluableNumerical`
and `EvaluableBoolean`.

Available operators and their syntaxes: `not`, `or`, `xor`, `and`, `implies`

Syntax of boolean constants: `false`, `true`

### Equality and inequality nodes

Those return a `Boolean` when simplified. Inequality nodes result in `NaN` if evaluating on two 
numerical non-real values. 

Syntax for equal, greater, less, greater or equal, less or equal: `=`, `>`, `<`, `>=`, `<=`

There's also compositional syntax separately for inequalities and inequalities, e. g.
`x < a < 4` <=> `x < a and a < 4` and `x = a = b` <=> `x = a and a = b`. Although you cannot mix
the two, that is, `x < a = c` is `(x < a) = c` (i. e. the fact whether `x` is less than `a`
is equivalent to `c`)

### Sets

Sets are now entities. There're `FiniteSet` (which you can iterate over), 
`Interval` (from one number to another one. Only reals are now supported),
`SpecialSet` (something like domain. Its only parameter is of `Domain` type),
`ConditionalSet` (for all values in its domain it is true if and only if the
value satisfies the CSet's predicate).

Syntax for finite set: `{ 1, 2, 3 }`

Syntax for interval: ('[' | '(') left ';' right (']' | ')'). So the square bracket means it's closed, 
the parenthesis means it's open. For example, `[3; 5)` means it is closed on the left end and open on 
the right one.

Syntax for SpecialSet: `CC`, `RR`, `ZZ`, `QQ`

Syntax for ConditionalSet: `{ x : predicate(x) }` where predicate is a statement, e. g.
`{ x | x > 0 and (y implies x = 0) }`

The `in` statement allows to verify whether an element belongs to a set. E. g.
`2 in { 2, 3 }`

### Limits improved

Added some patterns for non-defined expressions, for instance, the first and the second
remarkable limits and a few more. L'Hopital's rule added as well.


### Provided

Provided is a node, which turns into NaN if the predicate is false, turns into Expression if the predicate is true. For example,
you may write `5 + (a provided b)`. As so, it remains unchanged, but if you subsisute true instead of b, you will get
`5 + (a provided true)` -> `5 + a`. The whole expression will turn into NaN if any provided's predicate is false.

Exception: when a provided is in a finite set. Then, `(a provided b) in A` <=> `(a in A) = b`, that is, if a provided turns
into undefined, it's excluded from the finite set.

Syntax: `a provided b`. It has the lowest priority, so `a + b \/ c provided f and h = i` is the same as `(a + b \/ c) provided (f and h = i)`

### Piecewise

Piecewise-defined functions are finally added too. They allow you to define conditions under which different expressions
will be substituted. For example, that is how we can define abs function for real x:
```cs
Entity abs = "piecewise(x provided x > 0, -x provided x <= 0)";
WriteLine(abs.Substitute("x", 3).EvalNumerical());
WriteLine(abs.Substitute("x", -3).EvalNumerical());
```

When a piecewise takes part in an expression, the expression will usually be expanded to piecewise, for example,
```
piecewise(a provided b, c provided d, ...) + 3
```
->
```
piecewise(a + 3 provided b, c + 3 provided d, ...)
```

**Important.** The definition of AM's piecewise differs from the classical one.
For the classical math one, piecewise turns into some case if this case's condition is true and all others are false.
In AM's definition, piecewise turns into some case if this case's condition is true and all those *before* the considered
case are false.

Syntax: `piecewise(a provided b, c provided d, ...)` if no otherwise case provided.
`piecewise(a provided b, c provided d, ..., e)` for `e` as the otherwise case.




## Industrial features

Features, related to industrial integration, production, researches. Usually, improved convenience or stability.

### Ultimate exception class added

It is called `AngouriMathBaseException`, so that you can catch all exceptions thrown by AngouriMath by catching just one.

### Performance improved

See <a href="./version_performance_control.md">Performance report</a>

### <a id="fsharp"></a>F\# in AngouriMath

Now you can work with AngouriMath from F# without writing your own wrapper and work with AM's types directly. Check samples
and readme to get more information

### <a id="inter"></a>Interactive

Now you can work in Jypyter with expressions being rendered directly to the output. See samples and readme for more information

### Multithreading

Some methods like `Solve` and `Simplify` might take up to infinitely much time. Now, you can kill hung tasks.
